integrations:sony_projector:Clarify need to allow host IP (#31413)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sony_projector.markdown

  type: string
{% endconfiguration %}

> Under your projector's web interface 'Advanced Menu', you may need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under your projector's web interface **Advanced Menu**, you may need to:
```

> - Enable/start the 'PJ Talk' service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable/start the **PJ Talk** service.
```

> - Add the IP of your Home Assistant server to the 'Host Address' field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the IP of your Home Assistant server to the **Host Address** field.
```
Minor style tweaks. We use bold to mark up UI strings.
